Segway Tour Impressions
Published on July 16, 2009.
[flv:/blog/video/Segway.mp4 460 360]
This weekend, I was in Gettysburg, PA visiting a pal.
Besides enjoying history, there are many other things to do.
One of these things is riding a Segway around the historic battlegrounds.
I guess that counts as enjoying history as well…
Emily, Katie and I set up an appointment at SegTours of Gettysburg for a “Segway Experience.”
This did not include an actual tour.
While we were getting ready for basic training, the lady asked us if we’d mind going on the real tour (she claimed she wanted to get more practice doing the tour).
We were really happy to get a free upgrade since the reason for choosing the “experience” was to lessen the burden on our pocketbooks.
Basic training consists of Segwaying around in a parking lot until you get the hang of it.
There are also cones involved.
I got going pretty quickly.
It probably has to do with the fact that I do Wii Fit a lot and thus am quite aware of my balance most of the time.
The Segway accelerates backward and forward based on how much weight you put forward or backward.
Staying stationary is kind of a challenge as you must keep your balance completely in the center.
The video above is of basic training.
There was an older couple who also did the training but didn’t feel confident enough to go on the tour.
They were nice though; the older gentleman was smoking a pipe on his Segway.
The actual tour had us going through the Eastern battlefield.
I must say, it was really fun going through alleyways and roads on the way to the actual battlefield.
We also went through a hotel parking lot and passed a swimming pool.
It’s really fun just effortlessly accelerating around while everyone else needs to walk up a hill.
While the others complained about the Segway being a lot of work to ride, I thought it was pretty decent; just like standing.
What did I learn on my tour?
That I want a Segway.
I should really just get something more reasonable like a bike (which I think would provide the same kind of exhilaration, but with pedaling).
Segway-riding is really fun and I hope to do it again some time.
Oh, and history is also good, I guess.